fix: `EntitySearchResult` entity types (#6368)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-01-23-fix-entity-search-result-entity-types.md

---
title: Fix `EntitySearchResult` entity types
author: Benjamin Wittwer
author_email: benjamin.wittwer@a-k-f.de
author_github: akf-bw
---
# Core

> * Changed `@extends EntityCollection` in `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Search\EntitySearchResult` to use the correct template generic type & removed duplicate methods from EntityCollection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `extends` annotation in `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Search\EntitySearchResult` so it uses the correct template generic type from the parent class
* Removed duplicate methods ... (name them) in `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Search\EntitySearchResult`
```

---
title: Fix `EntitySearchResult` entity types
author: Benjamin Wittwer
author_email: benjamin.wittwer@a-k-f.de
author_github: akf-bw
---
# Core
* Changed the `extends` annotation in `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Search\EntitySearchResult` so it uses the correct template generic type from the parent class

> * Removed duplicate methods `filter`, `slice`, `add`, `clear` & `getAt` in `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Search\EntitySearchResult`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed duplicate methods `filter`, `slice`, `add`, `clear` and `getAt` in `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Search\EntitySearchResult`
```
